{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author uf}{\operator uf}
{\creatim\yr2004\mo7\dy23\hr13\min9}{\revtim\yr2004\mo7\dy23\hr13\min10}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords485}{\nofchars2767}{\*\company .}{\nofcharsws3398}{\vern8229}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1417\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {
\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 Installation of FPulse (Version >=2.38)}{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par Installing FPulse Version 2.38 or higher requires an Igor version 5.02 or higher . 
\par If your Igor version is at least 5.0 you can easily update by Internet.
\par Select 'Help' -> 'Updates for Igor..'  ( or 'WaveMetrics Home Page' ) -> 5.02 (or higher) 
\par -> 'Stand alone Updaters' -> 'Main FTP site'  (be sure to download the Windows version) .
\par 
\par Check that there is a file  'FPulse_Install.pxp'  and a directory  'FPulse' in the root of the FPulse-CDROM. 
\par If you are installing by Internet or by a (possibly zipped) Email attachment this file  'FPulse_Install.pxp'  and the directory  'FPulse' must be placed in the root directory of hard disk C: . 
\par Although principally any hard disk will do for historical reasons (and to maintain compatibility with existing installations) a directory  'UserIgor'  will be created on drive C: so this drive must provide at least some MByte of free disk space.
\par 
\par Proceed as follows:
\par 
\par -\tab Quit  IGOR
\par 
\par -\tab Double-click on   'FPulse_Install.pxp'
\par 
\par An installation dialog panel will appear. 
\par 
\par - \tab Select  'Install latest version' . 
\par 
\par This applies only for a first-time installation, if there is already an FPulse version found, this version must be deinstalled first. The steps are described below. 
\par FPulse versions <= 2.37 are not recognized as a valid previous installations, so they do not have to be deinstalled.
\par 
\par Generally any reinstallation of  'FPulse' requires 2 steps. After the first execution of  'FPulse_Install.pxp'  Igor must be quitted,  'FPulse_Install.pxp' must be executed a second time. 
This is required by Igor which checks and installs links to procedure, help and Xop files only at startup and locks these files at runtime so that updating them is impossible in one step.
\par 
\par Only for the very first installation of  'FPulse'  it is sufficient to execute 'FPulse_Install.pxp' only once.
\par To start  'FPulse'  however, Igor must quitted first. 
\par 
\par When installing any  FPulse version greater or equal 2.38, a backup is also installed. This allows you to switch back at any time to any previous version should need arise. The previous versions are never deleted when you select  'Remove FPulse'  . 
Script files also are not deleted when you select  'Remove FPulse' .
\par   
\par Caution:
\par Only if you really want to get rid of  all traces of a previous 'FPulse'  installation then you must delete the directory 'C:UserIgor' manually.  'C:UserIgor' contains scripts files, display configuration files and previous FPulse versions. 
\par 
\par If you want to change the drive where FPulse is installed, you must execute  'FPulse_Install.pxp'  and select  'Remove FPulse' . You then must delete all previous FPulse versions or you must move them to the new drive. 
These are all directories which match  'HD:UserIgor:FP*' .  
\par 
\par Watch out not to delete the directory  ' 'HD:UserIgor:Scripts' !
\par 
\par All previous FPulse versions must be deleted before a new installation drive can be selected.
\par To avoid a mixup between versions any new version will automatically be installed in that drive where a previous version has been found.
\par 
\par When the message 
\par 'FPulse has been installed'  or  'FPulse has been removed'  appears you must quit Igor.
\par If you have installed FPulse you will find it in the 'Analysis' menu after you restart Igor.
\par 
\par You will find the  FPulse manual  under  'Help' -> 'Help Topics' -> 'FPulse ...' }{.  }{
\par }}