{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ri-1134\f0\fs16 V2.08\par
\pard 030130 New (not yet released): Every control has Automatic help\par
030130 Errors:CFS-YScale\par
030130 Revamped: Panels\par
V2.09\par
030303 access functions introduced so that 'EVAL'  does not have to know anything about the implementation\par
030305 New (not yet released): Evaluation similar to Stimfit\par
030307 panels: auto-built name using 'f_' as prefix \par
030307 evaluation with keyboard : button shortcuts\par
030307 Telegraph gains are now updated also in Watch mode, before only in Write mode\par
030308 EvalCfg directory has been introduced as a workaround because it seems impossible to make a file dialog display show only files with a certain extension\par
030310 introduced window hook function in evaluation\par
030312 revamped to a large extent ( gbWriteMode handled locally in WriteDataSection etc) so that telegraphs work (=display gain) also in watch mode\par
030312 eliminated  gFileOpen\par
030312 moved  TelegraphGain()  out of WriteBlocks()\par
030313 wrapped  'Protocol' loop around the digital output (Digout pulses were output only in protocol 0 and were missing in all following protocols)\par
030319 removed the drawing of the (old) online acquisition region\par
030320 Digout polarity was (sometimes ) reversed because resetting was unreliable because  'DIG,xxx' was missing\par
030321 'DIG,xxx' introduced  and  then 2 additional changes (mainly slice 0 eliminated) \par
030321 Periods between digout pulses can now be longer than 65535 sample intervals \par
V2.10\par
030324 Cosmetics: SetScalePX() and SetScaleIX() revamped to print 's'  instead of 'kms' (us or ns are still NOT  handled correctly)\par
030324 Error: InterFrameInterval and InterBlockInterval (introduced when multiple blocks were allowed, when combining Pulse and train)\par
030325 error message when when multiple dac channels are in wrong order in IO section in script\par
030326 Error: CFSRead  SmpInt was fixed 100\par
030326 Cosmetics: Short Dac and DigOut pulses are stretched for display\par
030326 evaluation: zoom with double click\par
030326 Display stimulus : inserted  ' = Nan '  to clear contents of wave\par
V2.11\par
030327\tab 'Reread'  split into 'Apply  /  Save  /  Save as'\par
030328 only on computer Bischoffberger: removed SaveExperiment in IgorQuitHook: turning Igor off now takes 40s instead 2 min (both is MUCH too long)\par
V2.12\par
030328\tab moved gsXUnits from root:dlg  into root:cfs\par
030328\tab first try on user trace access functions TraceCfs()\par
030401 - 030408\tab ReadCfs: handle multiple blocks having a different number of points each\par
\tab Now the frame/sweep information is stored in each datasection and retrieved when reading Cfs.\par
\tab Advantage: Each block can have a different frame/sweep/segment structure. Even when an experiment is aborted the datasection can be read correctly.\par
\tab FPulse208-211could also write multiple blocks each having a different frame/sweep/segment structure \par
\tab but the datasections could only be read correctly \tab when the blocks were similar (same timing = same frame/sweep/segment structure). \par
\tab This limitation can in principle be avoided when the stored script is interpreted, but premature experiment abortion may still give errors.\par
\par
030401\tab increased allowed protocol name length from 20 to 50  (at 2 locations: Stimfile  and  Proto Name) \par
030403\tab BugFix: initialization was missing in exponential stimulus\par
030407\tab CfsRead: split 'SuperImposed'  into 2 functions to handle data of only 1 block or of all blocks of experiment\par
030410\tab BugFix: made section pointer long /I instead of word /W\par
030410\tab gave additional hint to error message 'Could not set Transfer area..' that user should log in in 'Administrator' mode\par
030410..25 telegraph connection of the MultiClampC700 (todo: make status notices in history wnd on/off switchable)\par
030426..  telegraphs revamped: they are no longer treated as Adc channels: they are no longer stored in CFS or displayed\par
030505\tab to improve  speed XOP calling method changed from 'Message'  to  'Direct'  (effect is only about 3% speed advantage during CFSWrite, none in Convolve)\par
030506\tab combined warnings and errors. Severe warnings and errors always beep and print in history (user cannot suppress this)\par
030506\tab renamed XOPs, removed smpF from xUtilConvolve, introduced more specific errors during acquisition to warn when SI is too short \par
030507 Bugfix: Dac was not displayed during acquisition when signal was entirely negative\par
030508 Telegraph channels are no longer stored nor can they be displayed. Achieved SR: 1xDA,2xAD+TG:20us is the limit (works 50%)\par
030508\tab Changed status line to display only gains of used channels including telegraph information (fixed, TG channel or MultiClamp channel) \par
030508\tab Introduced IO keyword  TGMCChan to allow gains to be read from a MultiClamp amplifier\par
030509\tab FPulse will issue a warning when the last file (xxxZZ.dat) is being used and an error if the user continues to alert him that he will overwrite data\par
V2.13\par
030510\tab finished building MultiClamp telegraphs into FPulse\par
030512\tab made error checking more specific (especially for 'DIGTIM' ), introduced XOP 'xCEDGetResponseTwoIntAsString()'\par
030512\tab more errors and warnings are output during acquisition but they are still not 100% specific\par
030513 BugFix: DigOut pulses starting 2 sample intervals after stimulus start were not handled correctly (numtype())\par
030513 BugFix: due to a limitation in the DIGTIM S command (sz is 16bit) only appr. 2000 digout pulses were output (Control.txt needs 100x30!)\par
\tab using DigTim branches for nProts fixes this\par
030513 found flaw: digout pulses are delayed against Dac for about 10 us / frame  (amounting to 2 ms with 200 frames!)  . Fixed 030616\par
030513 found flaw: program is unable to divide memory without remainder when using short (<5ms) frames (forcing the user to adjust segment durations).Fixed030613\par
030513 In the CFS file the script is stored in the early form before loop expansion and insertion of 'Blank' 'InterxxxIntervals' has been done (but without comments)\par
030514 after reading a CFS file the script is extracted and written into  'UserIgor:Ced:Scripts:TmpExtractedScript.txt'  if user has turned 'Show and extract Cfs script' on.\par
030514 moved 'Read CFS file' button to bottom of menu\par
V2.14\par
030514 BugFix: FPulse previously detected additional 1401 memory only after acquisition was executed at least once. Now it is reported correctly right from the start.\par
030515 window arrangement will not be reset on 'Apply' . Requirement: There must be a subdirectory 'Tmp' to 'Scripts'  ( C:UserIgor:Ced:Scripts:Tmp )\par
030515 warning (level=severe) when a digital output pulse is mistakenly programed to start before time zero (i.e. before protocol starts, usually with a dac)\par
030516 warning (level=severe) when a combination of digital output pulses would result in (forbidden) time slices shorter than 2 sample intervals\par
030517 found flaw: an undesired digital output pulse (appr. 400 us) is output appr. 200 ms after the end of a protocol. Fixed.\par
030523 the directories 'C:Epc:Data:EvalCfg'  and  'C:UserIgor:Ced:Scripts:Tmp'  are automatically built if they do not yet exist. (The whole path is built in  1 step)\par
030525 BugFix: program takes too much time after Dac has finished (20 secs!) when using many (>100) short (<100points) sweeps/frames. The fix makes  \par
\tab CFSWrite much faster when processing small sweeps/frames by letting the XOP scale only this number of points and not Igor the entire wave (32Kpts)\par
030526\tab introduced timer 'OnlineAn' to measure the time spent during acquisition in online analysis routines\par
030527 Feature: started panel 'Axes and Scalebars' allowing the user to select independently for each graph whether he wants Igors default axis or a scalebar\par
030610 improved X scaling for 'us' and 'ns' same way as for 'ms' : For example  11000us  were displayed as  11kus , now as  11ms  (same for '\'b5s' and 'ns')\par
030610 combined 'SetScaleIX()'  and  'SetScalePX()'\par
030610 introduced Y axis units in 'Disp After Acq'  for 'Scalebars'  to work  but prevented IGOR from drawing them because they appeared at ugly locations\par
030610 broke previously combined  Y channel name and Y axis units in 'Disp Stim' and moved them above axis. Necessary for  'Scalebars()'  to work\par
030611 made 'Axes and Scalebars' also work in 'DispDurAcq' just like in 'Disp After Acq'  and  'Disp Stim'  .   Redesigned  'RemoveTextBoxesUnits()'  .\par
030611 finishing touches to panel  'Axes and Scalebars' \par
030611The data from 'IgorPlsT205' are rescaled in ReadCfs so that they are now scaled correctly on screen (the CFS file itself  is _NOT_ corrected)\par
\tab Data from other FPULSE versions could (on demand) also be corrected in the same manner.  \par
V2.15\par
030612 Converted 'CedInit1401..()'  from  XOP  into  IPF in order to facilitate the testing necessary to reduce the DacToDigout delay of appr. 1ms \par
030612 BugReport: When using a directory other than \\EPC\\DATA data will be overwritten. Fixed 030617\par
030613 SetPoints() changed to make short scripts (e.g. DemoDacToDigLag...) containing only 10..20 points work. Points must be even, but 16 did previously not work.\par
030616 decreased time lag between Dac and Digout to 1.2 us . Was previously appr. 500 us + appr. 5us / frame and depended also a bit on the sample interval.\par
030617 The data path ( usually 'C:Epc:Data:' ) is now displayed in the button right from the start, previously it was displayed only after the path had been changed.\par
030617 The button 'Delete current data file'  has been renamed  'Delete'.  To the right of this button  the current data file name is displayed (= the last file written).\par
030617 Changed behaviour: 'Delete [current data file]' now actually deletes the file. Previously the file was only marked as 'can be deleted' and was later overwritten.\par
030617 Changed behaviour: Existing data files after a gap will never be overwritten. Previously existing files (going up from..AA) were not overwritten (was OK),\par
\tab  the free file names in the gap were used (was OK)  but also files following a gap were overwritten (was dangerous if the user deleted files outside FPulse).\par
030617 BugFix: when changing the data path data files in the new directory were (often) overwritten.\par
030620 added (preliminary)  SetVariable control for the dataPath . Goal : make the currently used datapath button obsolete  (unfinished)\par
030624 BugFix: StripFileAndExtension() handles a missing file correctly, 'C:dir1:dir2:' is now left unchanged, previously 'dir2:' was stripped ('C:dir1:dir2' is still stripped)  \par
030626 BugFix: Communication between MultiClamp and FPULSE was not 100% foolproof. When starting IGOR after the Multiclamp  and when not changing any setting\par
 \tab (e.g gain or mode) in the MC then often ( but not always)  illegal scales (10e306) were displayed on MultiClamp-controlled acquisition windows which on\par
\tab some systems led to a crash. This has been fixed.\par
030626 ErrorFix: The gain transmitted by the MultiClamp in the VoltageClamp mode was wrong by a factor of 2 . This has been fixed\par
V2.16\par
030627 BugFix: removed for the power1401 the unnecessary 'MEMTOP,E;' command which made the test/error led flash shortly\par
030627 ErrorFix: the digital output did not work corrrectly with the power1401having a hardware error \par
030630 ErrorFix: the digital output did not work corrrectly with multiple protocols in conjunction with digital time slices longer than 65532 time slices\par
030701 removed the Reset of the Ced which took place after every acquisition and caused an undesired glitch appr. 100..500ms after the end of each acquisition\par
\tab Should ever the need arise to really  'Reset'  the Ced (perhaps to recover from an error condition)  this can now  be done \par
\tab via  'Miscellaneous -> Test CED1401 -> Reset 1401'  or by switching the Ced momentarily off. -> 030715\par
V2.17\par
030701..030707 to make both the 1401plus and the power1401 (having a hardware error)  work identical with the same script\par
\tab the programming of the digital outputs was revised to a large extent \par
\tab Note: If digital output pulses on channel 3 or 4 (which actually trigger the Adc/Dac/Digout pulses) need to be programmed (which should never be the case)\par
\tab then you must NOT program these pulses in the 1. Dac segment (the 1. line in the script after 'Sweeps:' ) because there it would interfere with the\par
\tab Adc/Dac/triggering.\tab Use the following line together with a negative delay compensating for the elapsed time of the first segment.\par
\tab It does not seem worth the effort of trapping this error programmatically.\par
030708 after Ced corrected the power1401 to make it work identical as the plus1401 the workarounds for correcting this error in FPULSE have been stripped again\par
030709 BugFix: Additional Dacs (not the main Dac itself) did output a pulse only in the last frame, not in all frames as they should. This has been corrected.\par
030709 BugFix: 'Use same Y axis for Dacs' (in 'Displ Stimulus) was not working. It works now. Note that the units of the multiple Dacs must be the same.\par
030710 BugFix: units in acquisition windows were partly printed with 'Textbox'  and with 'SetScale' and some acq were always empty when there was no P over N\par
030710 Found flaw:some Gain/Yaxis combinations (e.g. .5 / 10000 ) give wrong scaling  in Adc acquisition windows (20mV or 20kmV, correct is 20V or 20000mV)\par
030710 FlawFix: when changing the maximal values of the Yaxis in the Adc acquisition windows the desired value can directly be set in the listbox.\par
\tab Previously the desired value times the gain of the Adc channel had to be set in the listbox. This also (accidentally) fixed the preceding flaw.\par
030710 Feature: Added possibility to superimpose sweeps.  'Sweeps' -> 'First data' -> 'SupIm Swp' .\par
030710 Found flaw: there is no discrimination between Sweeps and Frames (= treated identically) when reading Cfs data with 1 frame and multiple sweeps.\par
V2.18\par
030711 Feature: added a file filter to limit the number of files displayed in ReadCfs in the OpenFile dialog. First specify your 'Filter' -> ENTER ->  'Select File'\par
030712 Improved: made the Data path directory selection more intuitive. The current directory is displayed in an input field, not as before as a button text. \par
\tab You can directly type in a path. If you type in an invalid path  the usual OpenDirectory dialog is displayed where you can navigate to the desired directory.\par
\tab The OpenDirectory dialog now hides files and displays only directories.\par
030714 Improved: Panel space can be divided unevenly between buttons and Text input fields:\par
\tab Made the 'DataPath' button smaller to gain space for the 'DataPath' text input field in main panel. Files are hidden now, only the directories are displayed.\par
\tab Made the 'Delete' button smaller to gain space for the 'FileName' text display field in main panel.\par
\tab Made the 'Select' button smaller to gain space for the 'FileFilter' text input field in ReadCfs panel.\par
030714 removed rounding check  (was time consuming and still not exhaustive and never led to an internal error )\par
V2.19\par
030715 had to reinsert Reset of the Ced again when protocol/acquisition is aborted prematurely to stop the Dac pulsing. No Reset after normal acquisition end.\par
030715 flaw report : time to 'Start' acquisition takes 7 seconds even when scripts is already loaded. Scripts is 'DemoCont500Sw.txt' (500 sweeps x 4000 points).\par
\tab Cause: The waves are internally split into 'chunks' , in this case 100. In the initializing phase 2 x 'chunks' commands (TO1401,SM2) are sent to the CED.\par
030716 improved error detection when too ambitious sample rates are attempted.A warning (level: severe) is issued.\par
030723 BugFix: in very rare cases undesired digital output pulses occured after the end of an acquistion. (Memory partitioning error in SetPoints())\par
030723 improved behaviour: the delay after 'Start' has been eliminated, but as there are some drawbacks with this approach the old code is kept (->cbFASTSTART)\par
030724 Warning when number of data points leads to poor performance due to unfavorable memory partitioning combinations.\par
\tab Test function for automatically testing multiple Memory partitioning combinations.\par
030725 increased CHUNK time to improve acquisition performance \par
V2.20\par
030727 new: implemented detailed measurement of the time needed to load a script ( MarkPerfTestTime) . You must possibly update Igor Pro ( 4.04 will NOT work )\par
030727 new: checkbox in the 'Disp Stimulus' panel which allows to turn the stimulus display off to save time when loading a script\par
030728 Bugfix: very old data files written with IgorPlsT200 (appr. august 2002) can now be read\par
030728 Bugfix: old data files written with FPulse211 can now be read. There was a problem if they contained many frames (appr. 100 or more)\par
030801 the 'Apply' button is diabled during 'Apply' preventing accidentally calling 'Apply' again when currently 'Applying' \par
030801 improved catching script errors: not spelling 'Chan' correctly after 'Adc :'  led Igor to perform lengthy calculations.\par
030804 improved catching script errors: the same Adc channel defined twice as a true Adc channel issues a warning \par
030804 generalized telegraph connections: a channel defined as a telegraph channel can now additionally be defined as a true Adc channel which will be sampled\par
030804 The 'Gain' panel is now automatically updated when a script is (re)loaded. Previously the panel had to be closed and reopened to reflect changed values\par
030804 new: window displaying all sampled data (including telegraph channels) for quickly checking the integrity of the acquired data. ( 'Misc' , 'Quick Check...' )\par
030805 Major revision improving the processing of telegraph channels: Telegraph are compressed by a factor of 20..100. \par
\tab To gain acquisition speed the telegraph data are compressed within the 1401. This reduces the amount of data which is transfered between 1401 and host.     \par
\tab To gain host memory the Igor telegraph data waves are also compressed. Previously they had the same length as the true Adc data waves.\par
V2.21\par
030901 Again:  Major revision improving the processing of telegraph channels...\par
030911 improved performance by improved Transfer area and Ced memory usage\par
030911 SetTransferArea does not go below the minimum working area size as given by Windows\par
030912 Internal timers are killed before they are restarted. Premature program abortion previously led to wasting the limited amount of timers. \par
030914 Replaced misleading 'Duty' indicator by 'Prediction' indicator. Value >1 (green) : acquisition will probably succeed. Value < 1(red) : acquisition will probably fail \par
030916 Changed level of Ced's 'Clock input overrun' error from 'severe' to 'important' which allows now turning off  the error beep\par
030916 New: Computes and displays scripts with similar length but better performance. Rudimentary but sometimes useful. ( 'Misc' , 'Search improved stim timing' )\par
V2.22\par
030918 Found error: ReadCFS reads only the last of multiple protocols. The 'Prot' input field stays at 0.\par
030919-23 Major revision of ReadCFS concerning the display of the data\par
\tab Protocols and Blocks are now distinct entities and are now treated separately. Previously scripts were executed correctly in this manner\par
\tab but the data could not in all cases be separated correctly into protocols and blocks  in ReadCfs.\par
 \tab ReadCfs accepts now an upper and lower limit for the sweeps, frames, etc.to be displayed. This allows to blank out beginning or end of an experiment.\par
 \tab ReadCfs accepts now a step allowing to skip over data to be displayed. This is useful to see the whole time course of an experiment without too much data.\par
 \tab ReadCfs can display a single trace (as previously)  or multiple traces. \par
\tab The 'Multiple trace' mode in combination with the features above exceeds the previous 'SuperImpose...' possibilities which have been removed.\par
\tab To make the extended functionality of the ReadCFS panel a bit easier to use some  of the controls are now shown or hidden depending on\par
\tab  the settings of the other controls.\par
V2.23\par
031006-16 Major revision concerning the processing of multiple protocols. Previously maximum possible data rate (as given by the system hardware) was achieved\par
\tab only when running 1 protocol. It was (in most cases much) smaller when running the same script multiple times. Now the  maximum possible data rate is \par
\tab obtained with any number of protocols. As a side effect the foundation is laid for accessing data of different protocols already during acq ( before ReadCfs)\par
031016 ReadCfs: 'Show/Extract script' is now turned off by default.\par
031016 The user can no longer start the acquisition in case of the 'ArmADC/ADCBST' error. This error occurs only on some systems, is rare and is not understood.\par
031016 The user can set a 'Maximum reaction time' in the 'Preferences' panel.  Typical value is 2 seconds. This is the upper limit for the interval after which Igor / \tab Windows gets the opportunity to update the display. The lower this value is chosen the lower the maximum data rate will be during acquisition. \par
\tab Set to a very high value if maximum data rate is of primary importance. A much lower value (still compatible with high data rates) will be computed.\par
031017 The user can set a 'Decreased Ced memory' in the 'Preferences' panel. Default is the current maximum memory size given by the hardware.\par
\tab Decreasing this value speeds up the time needed for 'Apply'  but lowers the maximum achievable data rate. \par
031017 The program is aborted in 'Apply'  when the CED is missing or switched off.  Previously the program switched into  test mode generating fake data.\par
031020 ReadsCfs: Keep user-changed window size and position even when going to a new file. \par
\tab Drawback: there will be left windows left over which the user must kill by hand if a new file has less and/or other channels. \par
031022-23 Redesigned the code for colored fields in panels (e.g Watch/Write). A corresponding text field has been added. Color or Text field can be turned off. \par
031024-30 Implemented hardware triggered acquisition by pulsing CED Event3 and Event4 ( 'Preferences'  -> 'Trigger mode' -> 'Pulse E3E4 L' )\tab\par
\tab Normal software triggered mode (=pressing 'Start') is set by  'Preferences'  -> 'Trigger mode' -> 'Start' normal' \par
\tab Implemented appending data to the current CFS file (instead of writing a new file for every run) :  'Preferences' ->  'Append data'\par
\tab A color/text field displaying information about the current program state (just below the 'Start' button) makes it easier to use the enhanced possibilities.\par
\tab As a consequence the 'Stop' functionality has been moved from the previously combined 'Start/Stop' button into a separate 'Finish' button.\par
\tab 'Finish' will  (as 'Stop' previously did) prematurely abort the acquisition but will also close the current CFS file if the 'Append data' mode was chosen.\par
\tab A minor disadvantage is that the CFS file name is no longer updated before but after the first data section is written. This may be up to a few secs later.\par
V2.24\par
031101\tab A Y Zoom factor determines the length of the Y axis in the acquisition windows, previously the length mixed up with the AxoPatch gain could be set.\par
V2.25\par
031107\tab Attempt to achieve a shorter load time of a script  and  a  higher sampling rate by skipping  'Blank' segments using the Ced Timer2. Was a dead end..\par
V2.26\par
031109\tab 'Apply' is much faster when there are many blocks and at the same time many frames\par
031110\tab  Avoids GetVarDesc error when there are too many script lines to be stored in script .\par
V2.27\par
031123\tab 'Preferences' 'Open script for editing' is now off by default but the script is displayed / hidden immediately if the button is checked / unchecked\par
031124\tab removed automatical writing of PulsTrnShort.pxp and PulsTrnFull.pxp. The user can of course still store the experiment with Igor commands\par
\tab removed automatical opening of 'Comment' panel\par
031127\tab The acquisition mode has been changed so that  'Blank' periods are no longer processed.\par
\tab The advantage is a shorter load time of a script  and  a  higher sampling rates and/or more channels.\par
\tab The disadvantage is that  'Blank' periods are no longer updated on a sample interval basis but now  'Max reaction time' basis.\par
\tab This will result in erroneous stimulus output if multiple 'Blanks' follow directly one after the other  e.g. InterSweepInterval / InterFrameInterval /\par
\tab  InterBlockInterval  and each has a different amplitude. The overall  timing will be OK but the amplitude changes may be delayed.\par
\tab For this to work at all  the following condition must be met:\par
\tab The 'Blank' interval must be longer than 2 times the  'Max reaction time'  as displayed in the 'Preferences panel' . If it is shorter than the 'Max reaction time'\par
\tab there will be no advantage at all, if it is in between in some cases there will be an advantage and in others not depending on other script details.\par
031128\tab It is now possible to view all blocks of a protocol in a catenated mode  ( 'Stimulus display options'   'All blocks' )\par
031201\tab Size and position of the 'Stimulus' window  is retained after the user changed it\par
031201\tab Size and position of the 'Script' window  is retained after the user changed it\par
V2.28\par
031211\tab Standard 1401 supported\par
031213\tab ReadCfs now reads multiple blocks correctly even if last protocol is truncated.\par
V2.29\par
031215\tab Found 2  pecularities concerning ONLY Power1401 with USB : 1. needs initialization even if unit is already open ( this is taken care by FPulse )\par
\tab 2. If the unit is accidentally switched off and on then  FPulse must also be restarted and the USB cable must be un- and replugged.\par
\tab   ONLY Power1401 with USB shows this behaviour.  \par
\tab Changed minimum allowed reaction time from .5 to .1 seconds.\par
\tab Power1401: When switching from PCI to USB then the PCI interface cable must be removed\par
\tab\tab\tab and the PCI interface must be deactivated (System ->...-> Device Manager)\par
\tab Power1401: When switching from USB to PCI to USB then the USB  interface cable  must be removed\par
\tab\tab\tab  and the PCI interface must be activated (System ->...-> Device Manager)\par
\tab Requires at least  Igor 5.01. Improvements have been made mainly in the display during acquisition and in reading the IO section of the script::\par
\tab The code reading and interpreting the IO section of a script has been rewritten to a large extent in order to make it simpler and easier to maintain.\par
\tab A Dac gain MUST be specified in the script. The default gain of 1 has been dropped.\par
\tab A Dac gain (as specified in the script, usually ... for VC and ... for CC) now effects the Y axis in the acquisition windows.\par
\tab The same trace can de inserted into an acquisition window multiple times, possibly with different zoom factors.\par
\tab An Y offset can be applied to each trace which is useful when viewing with a zoom factor > 1.\par
\tab An Autoscale button checkbox allows to store the current YZoom and YOfs\par
\tab The user is requested to specify an Adc gain if no TGChan and no TGMCChan is specified.\par
\tab Specifying  an Adc in conjunction with TGChan or TGMCChan  or specifying  TGChan together with TGMCChan is recognized as an error.\par
\tab When an Adc gain (but no telegraph connection: no TGChan, no TGMCChan)  is specified in the script this gain is used as default in the AxoPatch Gain Panel.\par
\tab When the gain in the AxoPatch Gain Panel is changed the change is now reflected immediately in the status bar gain info.\par
\tab The keyword 'YZoom' can no longer be used in the script, to store a user-defined zoom first set it in the acquisition window, then press 'Save Disp Config'\par
\tab A script containing errors can now be edited even if the first attempt to open already fails.\par
\tab Displaying traces is faster as an  XOP is used  to copy waves.\par
   \tab An error in the time scaling in ReadCfs has been fixed. ReadCfs computed the time scale assuming a sample interval of 100us even if it was different.\par
\tab Workaround code required in Igor4 could be removed as Igor5 (finally!) allows to specify a graph name for displaying traces and has now 'RenameWindow'\par
\tab Fixed an error involving 2 traces with different (= one below 10 s , the other above 10 s) time scales in 1 graph. The longer trace was shrunk in t by 1000.\par
\tab If only few rows automatic acq windows are used, each is made lower so that their proportion ispleasing and screen space is saved.\par
V2.30\par
040217\par
\tab Fixed bug : Only the first frame was drawn during acq  in 'Current'  mode. This error was introduced in V229 in the attempt to speed up drawing.\par
\tab Fixed bug  :If the script started with a ramp the first Dac ramp data point had an arbitrary amplitude. It has now amplitude 0\par
V2.31\tab Reactivation of Online Analysis\par
V2.32\tab Online Analysis and more reliable memory partitioning avoiding failure after huge waves have been constructed by using TB's WorkingSet before U14Ld().\par
V2.33\tab Online Analysis\par
V2.34\tab Bigger memory partitioning using TB's WorkingSet  and  Online Analysis\par
V2.35\tab When the user aborted ReadCfs the file could not be reopened\par
\tab Improved speed for ReadCfs when loading big data files (typically minutes -> seconds). Speed advantange only for files recorded with version 212 up.\par
\pard\ri-332 V2.36\tab Again bigger memory partitioning using TB's WorkingSet. DisplayStimulus revisioned, faster and better code avoiding many traces.\par
V2.37\tab Panels can have TabControls, colored text fields, Checkboxes with text and colors  or  with pictures  in a 'Button'  design.\par
\tab Display acquisition panel revised. Now uses a TabControl.\par
\pard     \par
\par
}
 